[NFC][SYCL][Doc] Improve OpenCL kernel generation doc (#877)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/SYCLCompilerAndRuntimeDesign.md

with pointers inside as kernel arguments all memory objects shared between host
and device must be passed to the kernel as raw pointers.
SYCL also has a special mechanism for passing kernel arguments from host to
the device. In OpenCL kernel arguments are set by calling `clSetKernelArg` function
for each kernel argument, meanwhile in SYCL all the kernel arguments are fields of
"SYCL kernel function" which can be defined as a lambda function or a named function
object and passed as an argument to SYCL function for invoking kernels (such as
`parallel_for` or `single_task`). For example, in the previous code snippet above
`accessor` `A` is one such captured kernel argument.

> To facilitate the mapping of the fields of SYCL kernel functions to OpenCL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate the mapping of SYCL kernel data members to OpenCL
```
"fields of .. functions" doesn't make sense. SYCL kernel is not a function it's a function object.

Author: It was motivated by the spec. See Glossary section for example.

> SYCL kernel function A type which is callable with ‘operator()‘ that takes a id, item, nd-item or group which can be passed to kernel enqueue member functions of the command group handler. A SYCL kernel function defines an entry point to a kernel. The function object can be a named standard layout type or lambda function.

But you are right, It sounds strange for me too...

kernel arguments and overcome OpenCL limitations we added the generation of an OpenCL
kernel function inside the compiler. An OpenCL kernel function contains the
body of the SYCL kernel function, receives OpenCL-like parameters and

> additionally does some manipulation to initialize SYCL kernel function fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additionally does some manipulation to initialize SYCL kernel data members
```
